Update build method to account for the languages that require to close a separate resource (#47)
project-kessel/docs: src/content/docs/contributing/client-api/service-version.mdx

        - name: insecure
          description: Configures insecure communication with the server (e.g. for testing). Neither the client nor the server is authenticated.
        - name: build
          description: |
            Constructs the generated stub for the package's service and version following the builder's configuration.

            **Resource Management**: Some languages (e.g. Python, Java, Go) have connection abstractions that are separate from the stub
            (Python: Channel, Java: ManagedChannel, Go: Client) and require explicit cleanup to prevent resource leaks.

            **Return Value**:

>             - If the client has a `close()` method: return the client directly
>             - If the client lacks a `close()` method: return a tuple/array `[Client, Closeable]` where `Closeable` is the resource that needs cleanup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            - If the stub has a `close()` method: return the stub directly
            - If the stub lacks a `close()` method: return a tuple `(Stub, Closeable)` where `Closeable` is the resource that needs cleanup
```

Just to be a little clearer/account for ambiguity between a go "client" vs stub
